If you're interested in going into computer science, the best person to
talk to, obviously would be a computer scientist, if you know one.
They're probably not so easy to come by. I didn't know too many when
I was growing up. There's probably a lot more now because it's a bigger
field now but chances are, if you don't know a computer scientist,
then obviously you go down the line, if you know an engineer. If
you don't know an engineer, then even a mathematician. I don't know
there's that many mathematicians I know either. So, anybody that can
think logically about something, then they're probably a good person
to go to and by that I mean, so if you're looking around a normal
city, then anybody that is in the STEM field could probably give you
some kind of idea about what they do and I don't think computer science
would be that far behind. So, for instance, if you're a car mechanic.
You can ask a car mechanic, "Why do you like what you do?".
They're going to say, "Well, I like cars. I have a few cars myself.
And because I liked it so much, I wanted to know what was inside of
the car. So, I remember the first time I pulled open the hood and then
I was looking around on the inside and I was asking questions about
all those things and at first it was very very daunting but after
I learned what the, that thing there did and that engine part there
did and that alternator does. Once I started learning about those,
you know, then the pieces start to fit and eventually, I knew, you
know, half the engine, 75% and then all of the engine and then it's
really interesting at that point." So, that little thing that I just
told you, is probably what most STEM people would say about whatever
it is that they're doing. As an Electrician, I would pry open up a
load center and tell you the same exact thing. Well, those are the
bars, those are the bus breakers, there's the current, voltage, blah,
blah, blah. As a computer scientist, I'd tell you the same thing.
This is, like, the program and this is, like, the initial settings,
and you go down here and here are all these functions and this function
does this and this function does that. As an Electricians, I'm sorry,
an Electronics Technician, I'd tell you the same thing about a
circuit breaker. Well, this is the resistor and this is the motherboard
and, you know, this goes over here to that part and here's the
blueprint for it and so, I would say the same thing that the car mechanic
would say about that circuit breaker. So, anybody would probably
give you some kind of clue about what it is that they do if they're
in the STEM technology field.